Do you really want to challenge and open the Chaos God?
Uncle, in this chaotic god
Hanging in the treasure trove for so many years
Want to break the seal
In addition to being powerful
You also need to be upright
Those with this condition
The Shushan Sword Emperor thousands of years ago should forget it
Jieyun, let's go
We ignore him
The Shushan Right Path can stand for thousands of years
It depends on being upright
I can represent Shushan
in the air
Naturally confident to pass the test in the Chaos God
It's you who colluded with the demon girl
Help them plan Mount Shu
Even if you really have the strength
It is also impossible to get the approval of the Chaos God Sect
Aiqing Shushan Sword Emperor Treasure
I am the Sword Emperor of Shushan
The world is built together
It's me.
Why do you need to obtain the Chaos Ship?